README.md, before:

# Group Members
- Gavin Jaeger-Freeborn (V00849637)
- Ajiri Ogedegbe (V00882351)
- Ian Weber (V0092478)

# Building This Project
To build this project simply run `make` or `make target`

This will just rename all the python files to better comply with the
project specification. e.g. `kenken2smt.py` -> `kenken2smt`

For examples of how to run this project look at the make targets for
`make test` and `make testpp`

# Files In This Repo
- kenken2smt.py
  - Source code for converting the text encoded kenken puzzle from
    `STDIN` into smt input for mathsat and printing it to `STDOUT`
  - To execute this simply pass a kenken puzzle as input:
  ```bash
  ./kenken2smt < hard-puz.txt
  ```
  Replace `hard-puz.txt` with your puzzle input of choice
  - This output can then be piped to `mathsat`

- smt2kenken.py
  - source code for converting the solutions produced by mathsat into
    a string of numbers to be inserted into the kenken puzzle
  - This is intended to be used with `mathsat` and `kenken2smt`.
	To use this program ensure you have mathsat installed and run
  ```bash
  ./kenken2smt < hard-puz.txt | mathsat | ./smt2kenken > sol.txt
  ```
  Replace `hard-puz.txt` with your puzzle input of choice
    
- pp.py
  - Source code for the pretty print it takes a puzzle ID as an
    argument. If no ID is provided it will accept a puzzle on
    `STDIN`.
  - The puzzle text is then scanned for an for a PUZZLE ID in a
    comment on the first line. Similar to the format seen in the
    example puzzle files provided. If no comment indicating the
    puzzle's ID `pp` will simply print an error since no solution can
    be printed.
  - for example it could be ran like this
  ```bash
  ./pp 22597
  ```
  or it could be ran with the raw puzzle input as long as it contains
  a comment like this:
  ```
  #kenken www.kenkenpuzzle.com Puzzle 22597 7x7 Hard
  ```
  for example if we used the `hard-puz.txt` file we would run:
  ```bash
  ./pp < hard-puz.txt
  ```

- Makefile
  - Makefile used to convert the python files into executable without
    the .py prefix
  - Also contains additional scripts for running tests

Commit message:

Added explanation of examples and fetch.sh

README.md, after:

# Group Members
- Gavin Jaeger-Freeborn (V00849637)
- Ajiri Ogedegbe (V00882351)
- Ian Weber (V0092478)

# Building This Project
To build this project simply run `make` or `make target`

This will just rename all the python files to better comply with the
project specification. e.g. `kenken2smt.py` -> `kenken2smt`

For examples of how to run this project look at the make targets for
`make test` and `make testpp`

# Files In This Repo
- kenken2smt.py
  - Source code for converting the text encoded kenken puzzle from
    `STDIN` into smt input for mathsat and printing it to `STDOUT`
  - To execute this simply pass a kenken puzzle as input:
  ```bash
  ./kenken2smt < hard-puz.txt
  ```
  Replace `hard-puz.txt` with your puzzle input of choice
  - This output can then be piped to `mathsat`

- smt2kenken.py
  - source code for converting the solutions produced by mathsat into
    a string of numbers to be inserted into the kenken puzzle
  - This is intended to be used with `mathsat` and `kenken2smt`.
	To use this program ensure you have mathsat installed and run
  ```bash
  ./kenken2smt < hard-puz.txt | mathsat | ./smt2kenken > sol.txt
  ```
  Replace `hard-puz.txt` with your puzzle input of choice

- pp.py
  - Source code for the pretty print it takes a puzzle ID as an
    argument. If no ID is provided it will accept a puzzle on
    `STDIN`.
  - The puzzle text is then scanned for an for a PUZZLE ID in a
    comment on the first line. Similar to the format seen in the
    example puzzle files provided. If no comment indicating the
    puzzle's ID `pp` will simply print an error since no solution can
    be printed.
  - for example it could be ran like this
  ```bash
  ./pp 22597
  ```
  or it could be ran with the raw puzzle input as long as it contains
  a comment like this:
  ```
  #kenken www.kenkenpuzzle.com Puzzle 22597 7x7 Hard
  ```
  for example if we used the `hard-puz.txt` file we would run:
  ```bash
  ./pp < hard-puz.txt
  ```
- fetch.sh
  - Used for fetching the puzzle information based on a Puzzle ID in
    `pp`
- hard-puz.txt
  - Example puzzle input for testing `pp`, `smt2kenken`, and `kenken2smt`
- hard-sol.txt
  - Example puzzle solution for testing `smt2kenken` and `kenken2smt`

- Makefile
  - Makefile used to convert the python files into executable without
    the .py prefix
  - Also contains additional scripts for running tests
